adding documentation for remote proving (#230)
risc0/website: docs/zkvm/quickstart.md

You can build and run your zkVM applications using your own hardware, or you can upload your [guest program] to [Bonsai] and make requests for proof generation as needed. 

### Local Proving
To run the zkVM on your own machine, we recommend at least 16GB of RAM. 
The readme files on the [zkVM demo applications] show `cargo` commands for local proof generation. 

### Remote Proving

> To run the zkVM remotely using [Bonsai], [request access] and follow the instructions on the [Bonsai Quick Start] page. 

Author: Maybe this is better?
```suggestion
To run the zkVM remotely using [Bonsai], [request access] and set the environment variables as described in [Bonsai Quick Start] page. 
```

Reviewer: I think we may want to point directly to the starter template's remote proving tag here. I went to this link and it wasn't immediately clear what to do. I think pointing to this would be more direct? https://github.com/risc0/risc0/tree/main/templates/rust-starter#running-proofs-remotely-on-bonsai

Reviewer: I saw @tzerrell's comment. Did the mention of variables get removed??

Reviewer 2: It is there: https://github.com/risc0/website/blob/06b8e9118cef900c257b396563cda36075bbf5b8/docs/bonsai/quickstart.md?plain=1#L8

But you're the 2nd internal engineer not to notice it, which suggests 2 things to me:
1. We should do an editing pass on the Bonsai Quickstart page to make this clearer
2. We should not rely on a link for this information: it's a very small piece of information (two environment variables) that someone wants quickly while doing another task.

I propose we inline the environment variable information and also link to the page @SchmErik suggested.

```suggestion
To run the zkVM remotely using [Bonsai], [request access] and set the environment variables `BONSAI_API_KEY=<YOUR_API_KEY>` and `BONSAI_API_URL=<BONSAI_URL>`.
Additional information is available in the [starter template](https://github.com/risc0/risc0/tree/main/templates/rust-starter#running-proofs-remotely-on-bonsai)
```
